---
layout: post
title: LA
---

By Natasha & Edward on February 15, 2014

We went to LA this week. Natasha applied through Facebook and won 2
tickets for Conan O’Brien Show! When we arrived we wanted something
quick, and I had heard great things about [In-N-Out
Burger](http://www.in-n-out.com/). There was one right across the street
from our hotel in Santa Clarita, CA, so we walked over to have some
burgers, fries and a shake.

![Burger](/img/image-1399849816544.png)

It took us some time to get our burgers, so Natasha thought it was a
GOOD sign that the food was made fresh. Burgers turned out to be really
juicy with crispy greens inside and just the right amount of sauce. The
size of the burger was, I’d say, elegant and it was easy to eat. Natasha
is not even a big burger fan but her cheeseburger from In-N-Out made her
happy after a long flight!

We took it easy the next morning and had the continental breakfast at
the hotel. We drove out to a Starbucks for coffee/tea and to take a walk
in the park. We had just come from Kansas City where there was 10+
inches of snow on the ground, so a long walk in the sun felt great.

Right before the Conan show we stopped by [Joe’s
Falafel](http://joesfalafel.net/) to have lunch. It was incredible!
Natasha had the falafel plate and I had the chicken kebab plate. Plates
come with hummus, rice, salad, and pita bread. Falafels were crispy on
the outside, juicy inside… – wow, one of the best Mediterranean dishes
she has ever had! Pita bread was made from scratch and still warm. “Boy,
I’d go to that restaurant several times a week if I lived in LA!” –
Natasha

![Kebab plate](/img/image-1399849830618.png)

![Falafel](/img/image-1399849823551.png)
