---
title: New York City
layout: post
---

By Natasha

We went to New York last week for Edward’s uncle’s wedding. It was a
great trip with lots of fun time with his family, long walks, picture
taking, and of course FOOD tasting! I’ve never been to the Big Apple and
didn’t know what to expect as I’m not really a big city girl, but I
gotta tell you that – IT HAS SOME AMAZING PLACES TO EAT. I mean really
good, and every 5 feet.

![Soup](/img/image-1399850139969.png)

We arrived at the hotel a couple of hours before everyone else, so after
some flight delays and long trip we decided to grab something light
before everyone got together for dinner. We walked down the street to a
Cafe Metro. I had Turkey Chili soup and Edward had Chicken Noodle soup.
Both were really delicious and comforting. It was a perfect treat for a
cool weather vacation in NYC. Turkey Chili soup just melts in your mouth
and I, as a healthy food lover, was happy to know that at the end of the
day it was good for you as well!

After everyone got into town, we went to dinner at Carnegie Deli. The
sandwiches are giant but they hardly impressed us. Edward had a turkey
sandwich. It had 2 pieces of regular rye bread with dry slices of
turkey… Not sure why so many celebrities visited the place (they had
walls of pictures with famous people who dined there). I liked my
stuffed cabbage, I thought it was a good interpretation of Russian dish
but my borscht tasted like baby food (sorry, owners, but I gotta tell
the truth!).

So, you probably heard about New York’s fantastic pizza? Well, it true.
Prince St. Pizza has one of the best (if not the best) pizza I’ve ever
had: it has super thing crust that is crunchy and really browned on the
bottom and absolutely flavorful ingredients. We ordered simple
margherita Sicilian slices and it was garlicky, juicy, with lots of
olive oil and basil smell – yum! By the way, it was a very interesting
restaurant to be at – tiny but so hot because of the pizza oven. Even on
a steaming summer day I’d still go there!

![Prince St. Pizza](/img/image-1399850145173.png)
![Takahachi Crepe](/img/image-1399850160942.png)

We are big fans of Cooking and Food Network channels. One day, I saw an
episode on the Cooking channel about this unique Japanese bakery store
in New York where you can order green tea sweets and crepes. So that
place was one of the destinations on my list when we arrived to NY. It’s
called Takahachi Bakery and is located near the City Hall.

That crepe was so delicate and at the same time not overly sweet, every
time I look at the picture, I crave for it. The wrap is not a real
newspaper, don’t worry! It’s a parchment paper. The crepe had some cream
with sweet beans inside, a touch of mint – overall felt really light and
harmless. So if you go to NY one day, stop by Takahachi Bakery, it’s a
really unique experience.
